Reviewing large pull requests can
sometimes be tricky. It's also dense
with large walls of text. You could ask
AI to summarize like this. Summarize
this pull request, but the issue is that
you're not getting the full picture and
are relying on an AI to do the checking
for you, which can be very risky. Here's
a prompt to make reviewing pull requests
much faster. This prompt will instead
create an index and priority list, which
will give you a route in order to
effectively navigate the large pull
request. It will also identify obvious
red flags that we can rely on AI to
catch. Now, if you're using a weaker
model, you can take advantage of the
structured output to guarantee the
provided output. AI is a very handy
tool, but always make sure you're
checking the work going into your
applications.